# packages in environment at /opt/homebrew/Caskroom/miniforge/base/envs/quantumc:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
adwaita-icon-theme        48.0                     unix_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
asttokens                 3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.38.0               hd03087b_2    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.4.26            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.4               h6a3b0d2_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.2           py313h0ebd0e5_0    conda-forge
cpython                   3.13.3          py313hd8ed1ab_101    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.14          py313h928ef07_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
epoxy                     1.5.10               h1c322ee_1    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
executing                 2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h1383a14_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.57.0          py313ha9b7d5b_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.13.3               hce30654_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h27ca646_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              h7ddc832_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.84.1               h1dc7a0c_1    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h7bae524_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.2.1           py313h2cdc120_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            hebf3989_1003    conda-forge
graphviz                  12.2.1               hff64154_1    conda-forge
gtk3                      3.24.43              h07173f4_5    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                he42f4ea_4    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  11.1.0               hab40de2_0    conda-forge
hicolor-icon-theme        0.17                 hce30654_2    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 hfee45f7_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.6.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh57ce528_0    conda-forge
ipython                   9.2.0              pyhfb0248b_0    conda-forge
ipython_pygments_lexers   1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2              pyh31011fe_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py313hf9c7212_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h7eeda09_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                hd64df32_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           31_h10e41b3_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd74edd7_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           31_hb3479ef_openblas    conda-forge
libcxx                    20.1.4               ha82da77_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.23                 h5773f1b_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321hafb1f1b_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.0                h286801f_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h1da3d7d_1    conda-forge
libflint                  3.1.3.1            ha3035ea_101    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.13.3               hce30654_1    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.13.3               h1d14073_1    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3               hb2c3a21_11    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0             heb5dd2a_105    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0             h2c44a93_105    conda-forge
libglib                   2.84.1               hbec27ea_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 hfe07756_1    conda-forge
libintl                   0.23.1               h493aca8_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                h5505292_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           31_hc9a63f6_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                h39f12f2_0    conda-forge
libmpdec                  4.0.0                h99b78c6_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.29          openmp_hf332438_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.47               h3783ad8_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.4               h266df6f_3    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h99b78c6_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.49.1               h3f77e49_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                h551f018_4    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h2471fea_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               hdb1d25a_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.7               h52572c6_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               20.1.4               hdb05f8b_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.10.1          py313h39782a4_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.10.1          py313haaf02c0_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h8f1351a_1    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                hb693164_3    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h5e97a16_3    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
numpy                     2.2.5           py313h41a2e72_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h8a3d83b_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.0                h81ee809_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pango                     1.56.3               h5fd7515_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pbr                       6.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.45                ha881caa_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           pyhd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
pillow                    11.1.0          py313hb37fac4_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.1               pyh145f28c_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.46.0               h2f9eb0b_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.7              pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.51             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    7.0.0           py313h90d716c_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hd74edd7_1002    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pydot                     3.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pylatexenc                2.10                     pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python                    3.13.3          h81fe080_101_cp313    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-symengine          0.13.0          py313h1a13daf_2    conda-forge
python_abi                3.13                    7_cp313    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyzmq                     26.4.0          py313he6960b1_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h420ef59_5    conda-forge
qiskit                    2.0.0           py313hdde674f_0    conda-forge
qiskit-aer                0.17            cpu_py313hb09dbf4_201    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h1d1bf99_2    conda-forge
rustworkx                 0.16.0          py313h9a4dfeb_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.15.2          py313h9a24e0a_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                80.1.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
stevedore                 5.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
symengine                 0.13.0               ha79eaf2_3    conda-forge
sympy                     1.14.0           pyh2585a3b_105    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.2           py313h90d716c_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.13.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               h5505292_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                hc1bb282_7    conda-forge
zipp                      3.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                h6491c7d_2    conda-forge
